Man on Fire --Enobarbus? Pompey?
Drunken Poet's Dream -- Antony

"Fidelity" by Jasmine Thompson on Bundle of Tantrums -- Cleopatra?

Deify your heroes and they'll only disappoint you. 
Think of them as human, flawed, think of what you might do. 
Then be someone's hero too. -- Lin Manuel Miranda

Ho Hey by the Lumineers--Antony and/or everybody
I've been trying to do it right
(Hey!) I've been living a lonely life
(Ho!) I've been sleeping here instead
(Hey!) I've been sleeping in my bed,
(Ho!) Sleeping in my bed
(Hey!)

So show me family
(Hey!) All the blood that I would bleed
(Ho!) I don't know where I belong
(Hey!) I don't know where I went wrong
(Ho!) But I can write a song
(Hey!)

1, 2, 3
I belong with you, you belong with me, you're my sweetheart
I belong with you, you belong with me, you're my sweet

I don't think you're right for him.
(Hey!) Look at what it might have been if you
(Ho!) took a bus to China Town.
(Hey!) I'd be standing on Canal
(Ho!) and Bowery.
(Hey!)
(Ho!) And she'd be standing next to me.
(Hey!)

1, 2, 3
I belong with you, you belong with me, you're my sweetheart
I belong with you, you belong with me, you're my sweetheart

Love. We need it now
Let's hope for some
'Cause, oh, we're bleeding out

I belong with you, you belong with me, you're my sweetheart
I belong with you, you belong with me, you're my sweet

"First Day of My Life" by Bright Eyes
This is the first day of my life
Swear I was born right in the doorway
I went out in the rain, suddenly everything changed
They're spreading blankets on the beach

Your's is the first face that I saw
I think I was blind before I met you
Now I don't know where I am
Don't know where I've been
But I know where I want to go

And so I thought I'd let you know
That these things take forever
I especially am slow
But I realized that I need you
And I wondered if I could come home

Remember the time you drove all night
Just to meet me in the morning
And I thought it was strange
You said everything changed
You felt as if you'd just woke up

And you said, "This is the first day of my life
I'm glad I didn't die before I met you
But, now I don't care, I could go anywhere with you
And I'd probably be happy"

So if you wanna be with me
With these things there's no telling
We'll just have to wait and see
But I'd rather be working for a paycheck
Than waiting to win the lottery

Besides, maybe this time it's different
I mean I really think you like me, me, me, me